Project specs are as follows:

Register a birth.The agent should be able to register a birth by providing the first name, the last name, the gender, the birth date, the birth place of the newborn, as well as the first and last names of the parents. The registration date is set to the day of registration (today's date) and the registration place is set to the city of the user. The system should automatically assign a unique registration number to the birth record. The address and the phone of the newborn are set to those of the mother. If any of the parents is not in the database, the system should get information about the parent including first name, last name, birth date, birth place, address and phone. For each parent, any column other than the first name and last name can be null if it is not provided.
Register a marriage.The user should be able to provide the names of the partners and the system should assign the registration date and place and a unique registration number as discussed in registering a birth. If any of the partners is not found in the database, the system should get information about the partner including first name, last name, birth date, birth place, address and phone. For each partner, any column other than the first name and last name can be null if it is not provided.
Renew a vehicle registration.The user should be able to provide an existing registration number and renew the registration. The system should set the new expiry date to one year from today's date if the current registration either has expired or expires today. Otherwise, the system should set the new expiry to one year after the current expiry date.
Process a bill of sale.The user should be able to record a bill of sale by providing the vin of a car, the name of the current owner, the name of the new owner, and a plate number for the new registration. If the name of the current owner (that is provided) does not match the name of the most recent owner of the car in the system, the transfer cannot be made. When the transfer can be made, the expiry date of the current registration is set to today's date and a new registration under the new owner's name is recorded with the registration date and the expiry date set by the system to today's date and a year after today's date respectively. Also a unique registration number should be assigned by the system to the new registration. The vin will be copied from the current registration to the new one.
Process a payment.The user should be able to record a payment by entering a valid ticket number and an amount. The payment date is automatically set to the day of the payment (today's date). A ticket can be paid in multiple payments but the sum of those payments cannot exceed the fine amount of the ticket.
Get a driver abstract.The user should be able to enter a first name and a last name and get a driver abstract, which includes the number of tickets, the number of demerit notices, the total number of demerit points received both within the past two years and within the lifetime. The user should be given the option to see the tickets ordered from the latest to the oldest. For each ticket, you will report the ticket number, the violation date, the violation description, the fine, the registration number and the make and model of the car for which the ticket is issued. If there are more than 5 tickets, at most 5 tickets will be shown at a time, and the user can select to see more.
